in jabalia refugee camp Israeli drones
opened fire on people's
homes paramedics rush in to help
survivors with whatever equipment they
can find Israel had already flattened
the area during its assault that began
in October people here have little hope
or help to cling
to we were bombed rocks and shells fell
on us may God help us and have mercy let
the world stand with us the only thing I
ask of them only God is standing with us
God is the only one with us I've lost
three
children four months after they declared
the end of Hamas in the region Israel
says it's fighting
again in Northern Gaza fighter jets have
been striking terrorist Targets this
morning we began a temporary evacuation
process of the jabalia area from this
area towards the center of the strip as
part of our preparation for a military
operation in the area in recent weeks we
have identified attempts by Hamas to
restore its military capabilities in
jabalia and we are working to dismantle
these
attempts attacks which Israel says are
targeting Palestinian Fighters killed
several children when a home in B laia
was bombed on
Saturday Israel has already starved the
people of Northern Gaza by blocking Aid
to the region and now with famine taking
hold it's telling Palestinians here to
evacuate again but it's not clear where
they can go there's no food no water no
shelter and no safety Freddy AAR Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer